.TH engine-manage-domains 8 "January 19, 2013" "" ""
.SH NAME
engine-manage-domains \- Engine management domains tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B engine-manage-domains -action=ACTION [-domain=DOMAIN -provider=PROVIDER -user=USER -passwordFile=PASSWORD_FILE -interactive -configFile=PATH -addPermissions -forceDelete] -report

Where:
  ACTION             action to perform (add/edit/delete/validate/list). See details below.
  DOMAIN             (mandatory for add, edit and delete) the domain you wish to perform the action on.
  PROVIDER           (mandatory for add, optional for edit) the LDAP provider type of server used for the domain. Among the supported providers IPA,RHDS and ActiveDirectory.
  USER               (optional for edit, mandatory for add) the domain user.
  PASSWORD_FILE      (optional for edit, mandatory for add) a file containing the password in the first line.
  interactive        alternative for using -passwordFile - read the password interactively.
  PATH               (optional) use the given alternate configuration file.

Available actions:
  Examples:
      \fB\-action=add\fR \fB\-domain\fR=example.com \fB\--user\fR=admin \fB\--provider\fR=IPA \fB\--passwordFile\fR=/tmp/.pwd
          Add a domain called example.com, using user admin with ldap server type IPA and read the password from /tmp/.pwd.

      \fB\-action=edit\fR \fB\-domain\fR=example.com \fB\-provider\fR=ActiveDirectory \fB\-passwordFile\fR=/tmp/.new_password
          Edit the domain example.com, using another password file and updated the provider type to Active Directory.

      \fB\-action=delete\fR \fB\-domain\fR=example.com [-forceDelete]
          Delete the domain example.com.

      \fB\-forceDelete\fR Optional parameter used in combination with \fB\-action=delete\fR to skip confirmation of operation.
          Default behaviour is prompt for confirmation of delete.

      \fB\-action=validate\fR
          Validate the current configuration (go over all the domains, try to authenticate to each domain using the configured user/password.).

      \fB\-report\fR In combination with \fB\-action=validate\fR will report all validation error, if occured.
          Default behaviour is to exit when a validation error occurs.

      \fB\-addPermissions\fR In combination with \fB\-action=add/edit\fR will add engine superuser permissions to the user.
          Default behaviour is not to add permissions.

      \fB\-action=list\fR
          Lists the current configuration.

      \fB\-h\fR
          Show this help.

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to <http://bugzilla.redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2010-2013 Red Hat, Inc.
