.TH engine\-setup 8 "August 23, 2012" "3.3.0"
.SH NAME
engine\-setup \- Setup and configuration utility for Red Hat Enterprise
Virtualization Manager.
.SH SYNOPSIS
engine\-setup [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The engine\-setup utility performs setup and configuration of
Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Manager. Configuration values
must be provided interactively, as command line options, or using
an answer file. Following a successful run of the engine\-setup
utility Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Manager is installed
and ready for use. Where a run of the engine\-setup utility is
unsuccessful, comprehensive logging and error information is output
both to standard output and to the engine\-setup log file.
.SH GENERAL OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Show help information and exit.
.TP
\-\-gen\-answer\-file=GEN_ANSWER_FILE
Generate a template answer file. This option is incompatible with
all other options.
.TP
\-\-answer\-file=ANSWER_FILE
Run the utility in non-interactive mode, extracting all configuration
values from the specified answer file. This option is incompatible with
all other options.
.TP
\-\-no\-mem\-check
Disable the configuration script's minimum memory check. Specifying this
option allows installation of Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Manager
on systems with less than the recommended amount of fre system memory.
.SH PORT OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-http\-port=HTTP_PORT
Configures the HTTP service port on which the Manager will be accessed.
.TP
\-\-https\-port=HTTPS_PORT
Configure the HTTPS service port on which the Manager will be accessed.
.SH MANAGER OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-host\-fqdn=HOST_FQDN
Specify the fully qualified domain name of the system. This will be the
domain name used to access the Manager, once configured.
.TP
\-\-auth\-pass=AUTH_PASS
Specify the password to use for the Manager's locally created
administrative user.
.TP
\-\-org\-name=ORG_NAME
Specify the Organization Name for the Manager's certificate headers.
.TP
\-\-default\-dc\-type=DC_TYPE
Specify the storage type for the default data center, created during
installation. Valid values are 'NFS', 'FC', and 'ISCSI' for Network
File System, Fibre Channel, and iSCSI respectively.
.TP
\-\-db\-remote\-install=DB_REMOTE
Specify database location. Valid values are 'local', and 'remote'.
.SH REMOTE DATABASE OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-db\-host=DB_HOST
Hostname or IP address of the remote database server. This value is
not required for 'local' database configuration.
.TP
\-\-db\-port=DB_PORT
Connection port for the remote database server. This value is not
required for 'local' database configuration.
.TP
\-\-db\-admin=DB_ADMIN
Remote database administrative user. This value is not required for 'local'
database configuration.
.TP
\-\-db\-remote\-pass=DB_REMOTE_PASS
Password for the remote database administrator. This value is not required
for 'local' database configuration.
.TP
\-\-db\-secure\-connection=DB_SECURE_CONNECTION
Should the connection to the database be secure? Support for this
configuration must first be enabled on the remote database server. This
option is not required for 'local' database configuration.
.SH LOCAL DATABASE OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-db\-local\-pass=DB_LOCAL_PASS
Password for the local database administrator. This option is not required
for 'remote' database configuration.
.SH ISO DOMAIN OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-config\-nfs=yes|no
Specify whether to configure an NFS share on the management server to
be used as an ISO storage domain.
.TP
\-\-iso\-domain\-name=ISO_DOMAIN_NAME
Specify ISO Domain Name
.TP
\-\-nfs\-mp=NFS_MP
Specify NFS mount point.
.SH FIREWALL OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-override\-iptables=yes|no
Specify whether the utility is to configure the local firewall,
overriding the existing configuration.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://bugzilla.redhat.com/.
