.TH engine-config 8 "May 9, 2013" "" ""
.SH NAME
engine-config \- Engine configuration management tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B engine-config <action> [<args>]
.SH AVAILABLE ACTIONS
.PP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
.RS 4
List available configuration keys.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-diff\fR
.RS 4
List all configuration keys and their values, for which the value is different from the default value.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
.RS 4
Get all available configuration values.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-g\fR \fIKEY\fR, \fB\-\-get\fR=\fIKEY\fR
.RS 4
Get the value of the given key for the given version. If a version is not given, the values of all existing versions are returned.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-s\fR \fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR, \fB\-\-set\fR \fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
.RS 4
Set the value of the given key for the given version. The version is required for this action only when the version is not 'general'.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-m\fR \fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR, \fB\-\-merge\fR \fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
.RS 4
Merge the value of the given key for the given version with the value in the database. The version is required for this action only when the version is not 'general'.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Show this help message and exit.
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cver\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
.RS 4
Relevant configuration version to use.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-p\fR \fIPROP_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-properties\fR=\fIPROP_FILE\fR
.RS 4
Use the given alternate properties file.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-c\fR \fICFG_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICFG_FILE\fR
.RS 4
Use the given alternate configuration file.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fR=\fILOG_FILE\fR
.RS 4
Sets file to write logging into (if not set nothing is logged).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR
.RS 4
Sets log level, one of FINE, INFO (default), WARNING, SEVERE (case insensitive).
.RE

.SH SETTING PASSWORDS
Passwords can be set in interactive mode:
.RS 4
.BR
.nf
engine-config -s PasswordEntry=interactive
.fi
.BR
.RE
or via file with one of the following options:
.RS 4
.BR
.nf
engine-config -s PasswordEntry --admin-pass-file=/tmp/mypass
engine-config -s PasswordEntry=/tmp/mypass
.fi
.BR
.RE
PasswordEntry varies between the different password options.

.SH CUSTOM LOGGING
If you need custom logging setup, please create your own java.util.logging properties file,
set a path to this file into OVIRT_LOGGING_PROPERTIES environment variable and execute
engine-config.

.SH NOTE
In order for your change(s) to take effect, restart the oVirt engine.

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to <http://bugzilla.redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2010-2014 Red Hat, Inc.
