.TH engine-manage-domains 8 "April 30, 2013" "" ""
.SH NAME
engine-manage-domains \- Engine management domains tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B usage: engine-manage-domains <action> [<args>]
.PP
Available actions:
.RS 4
\fBadd\fR         add a domain using specified provider and user
.RE
.RS 4
\fBedit\fR        edit an existing domain
.RE
.RS 4
\fBdelete\fR      delete an existing domain
.RE
.RS 4
\fBvalidate\fR    validate the current configuration
.RE
.RS 4
\fBlist\fR        list the current configuration
.RE
.PP
.B Add domain
.RS 4
engine-manage-domains add --domain=\fIDOMAIN\fR --provider=\fIPROVIDER\fR --user=\fIUSER\fR  [--add-permissions] [--config-file=\fICFG_FILE\fR] [--ldap-servers=\fISERVERS\fR] [--resolve-kdc] [--password-file=\fIPASS_FILE\fR] [--change-password-msg]
.RE
.PP
.B Edit domain
.RS 4
engine-manage-domains edit --domain=\fIDOMAIN\fR [--provider=\fIPROVIDER\fR] [--user=\fIUSER\fR]  [--add-permissions] [--config-file=\fICFG_FILE\fR] [--ldap-servers=\fISERVERS\fR] [--resolve-kdc] [--password-file=\fIPASS_FILE\fR] [--change-password-msg]
.RE
.PP
.B Delete domain
.RS 4
engine-manage-domains delete --domain=\fIDOMAIN\fR [--force] [--config-file=\fICFG_FILE\fR] [--password-file=\fIPASS_FILE\fR]
.RE
.PP
.B Validate configuration
.RS 4
engine-manage-domains validate [--report] [--config-file=\fICFG_FILE\fR]
.RE
.PP
.B List configuration
.RS 4
engine-manage-domains list [--config-file=\fICFG_FILE\fR]
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-add\-permissions\fR
.RS 4
Add engine superuser permissions to the user.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-change\-password\-msg\fR
.RS 4
Reads interactively a URL or a message to be returned to the user in case the password has expired.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fICFG_FILE\fR
.RS 4
Use the given alternate configuration file.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-domain\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR
.RS 4
The domain you wish to perform the action on.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-force\fR
.RS 4
Skip confirmation of a delete operation
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Show this help message and exit.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-ldap\-servers\fR=\fISERVERS\fR
.RS 4
A comma delimited list of LDAP servers to be set to the domain.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fR=\fILOG_FILE\fR
.RS 4
Sets file to write logging into (if not set nothing is logged).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR
.RS 4
Sets log level, one of FINE, INFO (default), WARNING, SEVERE (case insensitive).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
.RS 4
The LDAP provider type of server used for the domain (case insensitive).
.RE
.RS 8
ad        Microsoft Active Directory
.RE
.RS 8
ipa       freeIPA
.RE
.RS 8
rhds      Red Hat Directory Server
.RE
.RS 8
itds      IBM Tivoli Directory Server
.RE
.RS 8
oldap     OpenLDAP
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-report\fR
.RS 4
Report all validation error, if occured (default behaviour is to exit when a validation error occurs).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-resolve-kdc\fR
.RS 4
Resolve KDC servers using DNS (don't assume they are the same as LDAP servers).
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
.RS 4
The domain user.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASS_FILE\fR
.RS 4
A file containing the password (if it's not set, the password will be read interactively).
.RE

.SH CUSTOM LOGGING
If you need custom logging setup, please create your own java.util.logging properties file,
set a path to this file into OVIRT_LOGGING_PROPERTIES environment variable and execute
engine-manage-domains.

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to <http://bugzilla.redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2010-2013 Red Hat, Inc.

